what's going on what's going on as your
boy skills hey hey y'all doing it that I
what's up ok so just want to send a
special shout-out to my dog James Edward
Bates also known as master hot okay
bitch I get okay anyway but now I just
want to send a special shout-out on to
him this is actually his um his brand
right here daddy's BBQ sauce said a
Mississippi tradition we've been peeps
for a long time matter of fact Jamie
he's a shooter at the sun-herald and
Biloxi Mississippi really really good
friend my remember the first time
actually just kind of chilled with him
he needed some help moving he said hey I
got all these friends they're gonna come
and help me move and said all right so I
went help them I was only one there so
me and him like I think we loaded up
either lowered up a truck or unloaded
something but anyway we've been friends
ever since he shot my wedding what he
did was I asked my skull mature your own
wedding packages and he said he started
600's what can a brother get for 600 he
said nothing I said why is that I don't
charge family I said bit ok so anyway
Jamie you know I just want to represent
hits that angle life y'all like barbecue
rub chicken rub all that good kind of
stuff yeah I need to check my boy out I
have the link under this video so anyway
Jimmy just want to sit a special
shout-out to you to your lovely wife to
your boy keywords and
so to your step kids right somewhere in
some mad skill seen yall number love all
right one ok so now see this you already
know just like Pavlov's dogs I see
what's up ok so that's what I got in the
mail today was in a postal mail all
right for my peeps at namco so let's go
ahead and see what's up hey I'm doing
today was cracking one more day to the
weekend yup you're enough ok so all
right we have armored 45 yep pretty sick
huh and this is actually coming out ha
nice on the 20th alright so we got a
couple days to play around with it all
right ok let's go ahead and open it up
and see what it says back here single
player but then you have online
multiplayer alright so let's go ahead
and see what this is this in here so I
think this could actually be 12 first
kind of like neck games for 4 2 360
wow so excellent nothing I think it is
you know last time I remember a met game
line Microsoft System was steel
battalion I think a lot I'm gonna get
that game I and that big hunk control
yup okay look thank y'all so much for
subscribing so we're not going to door
3,800 jobs so let's go ahead and just do
this thing right and then you know aim
for 4000 so any mech fans out there so
just go ahead you sounded out and also
like I said just want to send a special
shout out to all my fans of foreign
countries Australia you know good day to
my people down there I in England you
know thank y'all so much you know spread
the word because look hey I get an
international following then the
National don't fall off the show alright
so very interesting right so
there's this online but there is no
multiplayer code so that's a good thing
so I'm glad that Namco went ahead and
did this I saw this one looks like force
the game disc
I'm looking at my hair look a hot mess
okay yeah I need to get I need to get
the wig trim all right so that's that of
course V now I don't know if you're oh
nothing remember to original fee not be
fin de but the buff alien series you're
actually like lizard people and stuff so
and actually for English this right here
this is it alright so not much I me all
you need to do is not a smash people
then on the back now you got soul
calibur 5 right so let me say once again
that's it Armored Core five and that
comes out March twentieth it is rated T
so y'all in the mix and everything will
go ahead and pop pop it in and play
around with it for a little while anyway
like I said you can follow me hit me up
on pinterest which is actually one of
the fastest growing social media outlets
out there hit me a Pinterest in for deer
scat one onesie and tell your peeps tell
your mom okay tell you bring em up for
sure tell everybody seriously you know
just like I said just let's get the word
out there and everything thank y'all so
much for watching thank you all for your
comments like I said you know in
previous videos I will read each and
every comment but you that you do also I
know I haven't done this in a while but
I cover video games with the Houston
Chronicle
is one of the biggest newspapers here in
the United States and Ben adjourns for
over 16 years so hit me up on Facebook
the real m4d is Catwoman's e all the
links are going to be below just hit
info also hit me up from tumblr google
plus i'm trying to think anything else
twitter l4d is fat one onesie okay all
right and then up y'all also imply hit
me up look look for me in four days
count 1 1 z hit me with clout i'ma hit
you with cloud I ok bit okay so when
we're should work skills I get anything
else in the mail tomorrow you know I'm
also being gonna be coming back with
what we're rocking you know like which
plan is weekend I'm gonna do that kind
of video and I'm also think that's about
it so okay well anyway thank y'all so
much for tuning thank you for watching
this your boy skills deuces